Good morning, family. I have another video for y'all today.
There are some things I want to talk to you about. Where are we in 2024, and what's going to happen? What's the prophetic pulse?
I'm a prophetic intercessor; the Lord shows me things that are coming and says, 'I need you to pray this way.
I need you to pray for this or that.'This is basically what He has given me in the last couple of days.
I haven't made a video in about four or five days, and this is what I've been interceding over.
Last night, I had an open-eyed vision that lasted probably forty minutes.
I was caught up in the Spirit in intercessory prayer for America for 2024, and I was shown a lot.
I'm probably going to do a two-part video because I don't want it to get jumbled up; I want it to make sense and flow.
I'm going to talk about the economy first. I could talk about Joe Biden, and I think we will.
I was taken up in the Spirit and saw January, then I was shown December where we are now, and the next couple of weeks. The Lord showed me it went into January.
I saw Joe Biden and, you know how when you have no signal on a TV—when it's not plugged into an antenna or cable and you flip the channels—it's grainy?
You see the static and there's no reception. That's how it was around Joe Biden's mind.
That may sound funny, and I'm not making a joke; this is really what I saw when I was praying.
I saw confusion. He was staring off in an even greater state of confusion than he has been.
It's like it had escalated to another level in his mental capacity to handle things.
I was praying over this, and it was like static electricity when you're flipping channels.
Then I saw his son, Hunter, and there was an unveiling of things.
I saw an exposing, like a ripping off of sheets, uncovering hidden things that were not supposed to be seen.
This is what's really interesting: I was taken up into the third heaven and could see the devil manipulating things like a puppet master through the spirit realm over financial sectors and politics.
The root is what we're after to destroy the fruit, but the fruit is what we're seeing behind closed doors.
There was perversion over this financial corruption and some other things that were darker.
Everyone was able to see the surface, but they weren't able to see the root. I saw the root was the devil.
Hidden things were being revealed and exposed at a deeper level at the beginning of 2024.
These things were even tied to Joe, and I saw it going back into the Obama administration.
It was attached to the Obama administration somehow and went forward. That's what I was praying over.
Then, all of a sudden, I was praying over the BRICS nations and what was coming in January regarding a new currency and a new petrodollar.
I saw the United States had a plan to combat what was coming because they knew about it. America wasn't caught off guard.
I saw Jerome Powell; he was sweating, and drops of sweat were coming down like he was nervous and worried.
All of a sudden, I saw this massive, transparent latex balloon.
There was housing, huge skyscrapers, trees, and the American economy all on this big balloon.
He went to put the balloon to his lips to blow it up and make the economy bigger.
He blew inflation into it. When he blew it in, he was lowering interest rates.
I saw interest rates being lowered in the springtime—possibly March.
I'm not exactly sure what month it is, as I see various months and calendars, but I saw a springtime event coming.
He breathed into it and kept saying to himself, 'Is this going to work? What is going to happen?'He was worried.
All of a sudden, I saw him breathe into it, and the balloon started to expand.
Inflation started expanding more and more. It was transparent, and all of a sudden, the balloon started to shake.
There wasn't a lot of turmoil at this time. Then I heard the people at the Fed—the government entities over the finances—saying, 'It worked.
Nothing happened. It wasn't that bad.'They waited a span of time, and then I saw into May and June, the summer months.
They said, 'Let's do it again,'and breathed into the balloon again.
It expanded even more, getting super big. Sweat was dripping off his face.
Now the houses on top of this transparent balloon started to shake.
The houses were trembling because the balloon was trembling.
As the balloon got bigger, the foundation started to shake.
It wasn't affecting the big buildings as much, but the whole balloon was trembling.
He was breathing into this balloon, and his facial expressions showed he was nervous because he knew that balloon was about to pop and there was nothing he could do to stop it.
They waited a little bit longer; I could see into June, July, and August.
In September and October, I saw the balloon pop; it wasn't there anymore.
I heard the word 'quantitative easing.'I'm not an economics person; I barely have a high school education.
I'm just telling you what I see and hear in the spirit realm when I'm praying.
I Googled it afterward, and my wife tried to explain it to me.
Then I saw October, and things were different leading into the election.
I won't get into that part yet. Remember I told you about the holly berries?
I saw the green leaf and the red berries, and it flashed before me in the vision.
The Lord said, 'Remember.'I saw a great economic crash, a major crash in the winter months of 2024 leading into 2025.
It was very dark. I saw a great black depression. It felt like a heaviness in the spirit realm, a very heavy presence.
I kept hearing the words 'a Great Depression'over and over into 2025.
I could see this going into 2026 and 2027. I saw America being completely changed.
I saw that the evil people felt their job was done, like they had achieved what they wanted.
I saw Canada, America, and Mexico becoming one with a single currency. They had a new dollar-type currency.
There were still borders—America was America, Mexico was Mexico, and Canada was Canada—but they had a currency they used as a partnership, like the Euro.
Thank you, Braden. It was like an American version of the Euro. They tried to salvage it.
The person over America tried to build America back and salvage it through a Solomon-type anointing. I saw a Solomon-like endowment of wisdom from the Father.
It was like taking pieces of a destroyed rocket ship, and the Mastermind behind it—the brilliance of the Lord Jesus Christ—downloaded into a human mind how to build it back.
I saw this person building it back into something else, and the Lord said, 'America will never be what it was before.'But it will be something new; it will be something different.
But those days that were before are over. He said it will never be...
I want to say it's rebuilt, but it's not as good as what it was.
Does that make sense? It's never as strong and as powerful as what it used to be.
That part of it was destroyed; that thing being the top dog was over.
Being the top dog of the world's economy was over. It was like you were just maintaining and keeping afloat.
Does that make sense? I guess that's what... I don't want to add to or take away from anything; I'm telling you exactly what I saw.
And parts of it were stronger than others, like the oil and things like that.
Going through 2025, it was almost like you were not able to get a breath again. Does that make sense?
People were completely decimated, completely sobered, like you have a sober countenance.
Everything was changed. The arrogance and the pride were humbled; you were broken.
Like I told you, the refiner's fire, the Ichabod—like I told you that everybody would say this is an Ichabod, but it's not Ichabod.
He said He would never leave us nor forsake us. But I'm telling you there's a great shaking coming, and that's what the Lord was showing me.
I'm going to go backwards again; I'm going to go back into 2024. In 2024, I saw an economic boom.
I saw things getting better in what they were trying to represent—that everything was okay.
And I kept hearing them argue in the spring about a soft landing, arguing on the TV.
I could see it in the vision; I could see that guy with the bald head that does the CNN things on the stock thing.
I could see him talking for some reason. I don't know why the Lord was showing me this, but I could hear these people arguing about a soft landing.
They were saying, 'This is going to be a soft landing.''There's no way this is going to be a soft landing; they can't do this so early, they're going to act too aggressively.'People on the talk shows were going back and forth and arguing, and so it wasn't a soft landing.
It was a complete explosion; it was a complete meltdown of what we called... it was already broken; it was never fixed.
With the raising of interest rates, there's nothing they could do, so it's like, 'Well, just throw it in the air and let it burn.'I'm trying to tell you all.
And so when it went into it, they tried to make it look good for the election, but after that was over, it was complete.
I'm going to pray for you all right now. I'm going to get into the next video right after this, so let's pray.
Father, I just thank you, Lord, for every single person that is represented here on this YouTube channel.
I thank you, Father, for the people that have supported me. I bless them in the name of Jesus.
I thank you, Father, for all the people who have been kind and help support this ministry.
I plead the blood of Jesus over every household represented here.
I thank you, Lord, that no weapon formed against them would prosper.
I take authority over sickness and disease off of their bodies.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that healing flows over them from the top of their head to the soles of their feet.
We take authority over viruses, cancers, diabetes, heart disease, stomach bugs, and all kinds of flu viruses and all things that have tried to come and hurt them and harm them in any way.
We plead the blood of Jesus Christ over them. We thank you, Lord, that you said in Galatians that Christ has redeemed them from the curse of the law, being made a curse for them.
I thank you, Lord, that you became sickness and disease for each and every single one of us, so that we don't have to have sickness and disease in our body because you became a curse for us.
And I thank you, Lord, that you said in your word that by your stripes we are healed.
And I thank you, Father, we receive our healing right now from the top of our head to the soles of our feet, no matter how big it is, no matter how small it is—even if it's a hangnail.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you're the healer and you're the deliverer.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, that every single one of them, from mental disorders all the way down, I pray over their minds that they have the mind of Christ according to 2 Timothy 1:7.
Father, you said that you have not given us a spirit of fear, but of power, and of love, and of a well-balanced mind.
I speak a sound mind over them right now in the name of Jesus, that they have the mind of Christ.
I thank you, Lord, that they can do all things through Christ who strengthens them. They are the head and not the tail, above and not beneath.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that there is supernatural wisdom coming to them to do great and mighty works in this earth, that we are the salt of the earth and we will do greater works than what you did because you said you go unto the Father.
I thank you, Lord, that you sent the Holy Spirit to us, Father, and He abides in us and is all around us all, and He is ministering to the people, Father, on behalf of you.
I thank you, Father, that there are supernatural things taking place in these last days where creative working miracles will flow through us and we'll do the greater works in the mighty name of Jesus.
I thank you, Father, for this; we give you praise and glory and honor for it.
Today will be a good day. Today is going to be a day of victory in our households.
We call our marriages restored; we call our children to be born again and baptized in the Holy Ghost.
we call our families restored and homes not to be broken, marriages to be restored. We call that done in the name of Jesus.
We thank you, Lord, that you're bringing this to pass, and we give you all the glory, honor, and praise for it in the mighty name of Jesus.
Amen. Well, I just want to tell you all thank you for watching. It really means a lot to me.
If you could click that notification bell, click a thumbs up for me, comment down below, and subscribe, it would really bless me.
Every time you do that, you are getting the gospel out throughout the whole world, literally for people to hear what Jesus is doing in this earth in these last days.
So I just want to say thank you. Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much, and we love you, and we will see you next time. Have a blessed day. Bye-bye.